MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Aron

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. Permission

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. Conditions

You may use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software only under the condition that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice are included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

3. Limitations

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

4. Disclaimer

This software is provided for educational and informational purposes only.
The author is not responsible for any damage or loss caused by the use of
this software. Use it at your own risk.

5. Trademarks

This license does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Software and
reproducing the content of the copyright notice.

6. Governing Law

This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the jurisdiction in which the Licensor resides, without regard to its conflict
of law provisions.

---

By using or distributing this software, you agree to abide by the terms of
this license.
